% 00error.txt
%
% (c) Copyright 1995, 1996, 1997 J"org Knappen
%
% This file is part of ecfonts version 1.0
%
% Please read the files 00readme.txt, 00inst.txt, 00error.txt, and
% copyrite.txt for further information
%
% You find some documentation in dcdoc.tex (needs LaTeX2e)
%

           How to report errors and bugs with the ec fonts

To improve the quality of the ec fonts and to make them free of any errors 
and bugs, your feedback is appreciated. 

Please make sure, that your report is concise, clear and reproduceable, also 
make sure, that you are using the newest version of the ec fonts and that
your bug isn't fixed yet.

The following information is needed:

Which font produced the bug?

Which mode do you use?

What is the error message issued by METAFONT?

Which character carries the error? Is the error visible in the output and
how can it be described? Always try to generate output and look at it 
first, some errors may be invisible at all.

Please include the .log file in your report.

The fonts should work at resolutions from 200dpi upwards, and in a size 
range from 5pt to 100pt. If your effective resolution lies below 200dpi
-- for non square pixels the lower resolution counts -- (screen modes
or fonts at reduced sizes), if the parameter blacker of your mode is 
negative, or if you generate a font outside the given size range, problems 
are to be expected and do not qualify as bugs.

The funny fonts needn't work at all, they surely don't work at low sizes.
The typewriter fonts don't work below 8pt.

The fractions and the superscript digits from the tc fonts don't work at
small sizes (below 10 pt) even for fair resolutions (about 300dpi).

If you have a fix for your your problem, it is very appreaciated.

Please report errors to 
J"org Knappen                             AAA
joerg.knappen@uni-mainz.de       <----  < new > 
                                          VVV

In case, that you are not sure, whether a strange feature or error message 
qualifies as a bug, you may want to ask a question on the metafont 
mailing list. To subscribe send a mail to

LISTSERV@ens.fr

containing the one line

subscribe metafont "Your Full Name"
