% copyrite.txt
%
% (c) Copyright 2012 J"org Knappen
%
% This file is part of ecfonts version 1.0


                Copyright notice to the ec fonts

(c) Copyright 1995, 1996, 1997, 2012 J"org Knappen, Mainz
(c) Copyright 1990, 1992 Norbert Schwarz, Ruhr-Universit"at Bochum


C O P Y R I G H T (2012)
------------------------

This distribution is copyright 1990--2012 Norbert Schwarz and Joerg Knappen.


WARRANTY

There is NO WARRANTY for the ec fonts, to the extent permitted by 
applicable law.  Except when otherwise stated in writing, the authors
provides the program `as is' without warranty of any kind, either
expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied
warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the program is
with you.  Should the program prove defective, you assume the cost of
all necessary servicing, repair or correction.

In no event unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing
will the authors be liable to you for damages, including any general, 
special, incidental or consequential damages arising out of any use of the
program or out of inability to use the program (including but not
limited to loss of data or data being rendered inaccurate or losses
sustained by you or by third parties as a result of a failure of the
program to operate with any other programs), even if such holder or
other party has been advised of the possibility of such damages.


DISTRIBUTION

Redistribution of unchanged files is allowed provided that all files
listed in the file 00files.txt are distributed, including this file.

If you receive only some of these files from someone, complain!

The distribution of changed versions of certain files included in
the ec fonts, and the re-use of code from those files, are allowed
under the following restrictions:

 * It is allowed only if the legal notice in the file does not
   expressly forbid it.
 
 * You rename the file before you make any changes to it, unless the
   file explicitly says that renaming is not required. Any such changed
   files should be distributed under conditions that ensure that those
   files, and any files derived from them, will never be redistributed
   under the names used by the original files in the ec fonts.

 * The names of the modified fonts must not start with the two letters
   `ec' or `tc'.

 * You change the `error report address' so that we do not get error
   reports for files not maintained by us.

 * You acknowledge the source and authorship of the original version
   in the modified file.


              J\"org Knappen
              Dieselstra{\ss}e 13
              66123 Saarbr\"ucken
              Federal Republic of Germany


              Norbert Schwarz
              Ruhr-Universitaet Bochum
              Rechenzentrum
              Universitaetsstrasse 150
              D-44801 Bochum
